Slow down successive exercise execution via debounce (#814)
rstudio/learnr: vignettes/articles/exercises.Rmd

insert_snippet("exerciseeval")
```

> It may be necessary to slow down successive exercise submissions, otherwise users may overwhelm your server by running exercise code chunks in fast repetition. You can do so globally by setting the option `tutorial.exercise.debounce` to an amount of time (in milliseconds) that is waited before the next code execution is performed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be necessary to slow down successive exercise submissions, otherwise users may overwhelm your server by running exercise code chunks in fast repetition. You can do so globally by setting the option `tutorial.exercise.debounce` to an amount of time (in seconds) that is waited before the same user's next code execution is performed:
```
